DELETE SCENARIOS
1. Try deleting the COMP department. Note whether this is blocked by FK rules.
    When trying to delete the COMP department, got the error 'update or delete on table "department" 
    violates foreign key constraint "professor_dept_code_fkey" on table "professor"'.

    PostgreSQL prevents the deletion to avoid leaving the professor and student without a department.
    This is because we established referential integrity constraints in the logical model, like saying
    that this is a mandatory relationship where the 'professor' and 'student' entities are existent
    dependent on 'department' identity. If the deletion worked, then they would be orphaned records.

2. Delete the lab L2 you created and observe whether related enrollments are deleted or restricted.
    Never created a L2, I did try to delete L1 though and it wokred. The offering was successfully
    deleted and it reflected on the 'enrollment' table. Since we defined 'ON DELETE CASCADE', it 
    automatically deletes all student enrollments for that specific section. Since that offering
    doesn't exist anymore, it makes sense that no students can remain enrolled in a class that
    no longer exists.

3. Try deleting a location currently used by a department or course offering.
    Trying to delete a location used by a department or course offering (e.g.'SE12 260') also gave an
    error similar to when we tried to delete the COMP department. 'update or delete on table "location" 
    violates foreign key constraint "department_dept_location_fkey" on table "department"'. Same explanation.
    Cannot delete a room if the system knows that there something still resides there.

REFLECTION QUESTIONS
1. Which tables or constraints caused errors?
    a. Trying to insert Min Chen when admit term '202650' didn't exist yet.
    b. My old schema I did the composite keys correctly, but did so in a way I made it as multiple
       inputs in other tables so the input examples didnt work.
       Example:
            - I did: PRIMARY KEY (loc_building, loc_room)
            - Instead of doing: loc_code GENERATED ALWAYS AS (...), PRIMARY KEY (loc_code)
    c. Referential Integrity Blocks: Trying to delete a strong entity before removing dependents.
    d. Syntax errors and minor changes on data types.

2. What changes did you make to fix them?
    a. Ordered inserts properly, also made sure all the tables loaded in proper order. Making sure to
    create parent tables first and then making sure to truncate children first.
    b. Data alignment and changing the data types in my schema, picking out new PKs, etc.
    c. Added more constraints for better data integrity (like BCIT IDs can't have special characters).

3. What do these problems reveal about your schema design?
    a. Existence dependence, errors proving that the design has to be reflected and enforce these 
    mandatory relationships from logical to relational.
    b. Automating some keys and columns to reduce error and for better consistency.
    c. Design defensively with RESTRICT to protect database core infrastructure.